fix: Read and send unfinished spans (#3533)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - When finishing a transaction, the SDK now properly sends unfinished spans ([#3533](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3533))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unfinished spans are now correctly stored and retrieved by the CachingTransport ([#3533](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3533))
```
